[codex] infer Slack app setup identity (#31552)
vellum-ai/vellum-assistant: skills/slack-app-setup/SKILL.md

## Step 1: Create Slack App (One-Click)

Generate the manifest creation URL immediately. Do not ask the user to confirm the Slack bot name or description first.

The manifest generator infers the Slack app identity:

> - Bot name: use your actual assistant name from the current identity context / `IDENTITY.md` if one exists; otherwise use the default assistant name.

Author: ```suggestion
- Bot name: use your actual assigned name if you have it already; otherwise encourage the user to assign you a name first. 
```
